Required contracts:
1. Player registry + inventory - register players and store their nicknames associated with their address. This contract should also initialize player inventory upon registration, this inventory should store all the items as well as their amounts owned by the Player. This contract should also track if players have certain boosts activated or not, while other contracts take care of the boosts functionality. Upon registration, new users recieve 6 water buckets, 100 CROPS tokens and 1 of 3 basic crops (potato, tomato, strawberry) at random (can be pseudorandom, but player must receive diff crops, not one set crop), as well as 3 farm tiles.
2. ItemRegistry - a dedicated contract to store all items data. Other contracts would then query this central contract. ALL ITEMS MUST BE HARDCODED CONSTANTS WITH CONSISTENT IDS, I, THE OWNER SHOULD BE ABLE TO TWEAK LITTLE DETAILS LIKE PRICE AND HARVEST YIELD AFTER DEPLOYMENT IF I WANT. 
// 3. Player leaderbaord + achievement - players recieve points for almost every action in the game that go towards their Achievement Tier, Players can also complete unique achievements that also earn them points and go towards their Achievement Tier. All Achievement Tiers PTS is public and displayed in the leaderboard.
ALL farm actions like harvest, water, use fert, plant etc. as well as all shop actions - purchase any item in the shop - as well as all crafting actions - craft any item - should bring base amount of points (5-15 PTS), more PTS for actions that will bring more game engagement in your opinion, assign reasonable defaults. While achievements bring significantly more. //

~~~For now we need to simply implement The Leaderboard, basic actions point accumulation and Achievement tiers (only the tiers themselves). Meanwhile, all the achievements will be implemented at later development stages or not at all.

4. Farm manager - The core contract of the game, responsible for planting, watering, fertilizing and other farming actions. All crops (there is three types - basic, standard expansion, and rare - as per csv file) (except for cactus) have to be watered at least once (some crops more) before actually maturing. Thy can be watered at any time, right after planting or right before harvesting. Crops will stay on the farm tile indefinitely until actully being harvested (except for rainbow fruit). Fertilizer instantly grows any non-rare crop bypassing its need for water and making it ready for immediate harvest. There can be totally 24 tiles. All players start with 3 tiles. Players cannot grow more than one instance of a rare crop at a time - if a RARE crop already exists on any tile - no other RARE crop can exist on any other tile (rainbow fruit, specifically, cannot be grown with any other crop at all), but other NON-RARE crops can be planted (except for the case of the rainbow fruit).
5. Shop manager - Another very important contract. Responsible for the in-game shop and all purchasable items, that are not crafted or dropped. Some items (like some rare crops) cannot be purchased right away and need certain achievement tiers to be completed. When players purchase items, CROPS token should be transferred to the projects treasury address, currently with an owner function.
6. Crafting manager - another importnat contract. Responsible for in-game crafting of items. These items cannot be purchased or dropped and can only be crafted. Only two items require a recipe (blueprint) forr crafting - Monadium Sickle and Monadium Hoe, these blueprints are given to the player after completing Expert achievement tier. 
7. Time oracle contract - responsible for all time actions, cooldowns and correct season timing estimations, parametrized and can be set according to the need. ALL TIMES SHOULD BE IN UTC, EVEN IF STATED OTHERWISE - ALL TIMINGS IN UTC.
// 8. Season contract - Winter, Spring, Summer, Fall - 4 season in a row, timings set thru time oracle, as default it should be 2 days per season. Each season differently affects the farming, yields, growth, harvests, prices etc. //

~~~For now Seasons are planned for later stages.

9. Economy contract - responsible for initializing and changing the prices, and yields of various crops. Also resposnsible for the CROPS token itself, its issuance (infinite supply as we are in a testnet) and other token operations, like transfers, mints, burns, allowance increases etc. Also resonsible for daily 50 CROPS faucet (24h cooldown). ERC20 standard works perfectly. 
10. Farm enhancement contract - responsible for all the various boosts and auto-watering, -harvesting, -growing operations. Boost systems that are unlocked with achievement tiers as well as monadium toolset. 


*For randomness use pseudo-random,
*For times use UTC time,
*For automative harvesters:
Lunar Harvester - A specific plant function (initated by player) that checks if Lunar Harvester is active and hasnt been over 6 times in the past 24h, and if crop is rare - if true, when watering requirements are complete, lock the used tile until the time of the calculated maturity of the planted crop, and put the projected yield as well as item drops into a temporary basket, which is locked like the tile until the actual maturity of the plant. This basket's contents have to be claimed manually by the player, at any time.
Monadium Hoe - A specific plant function (initated by player) that checks if Monadium Hoe is active, hasnt been used 240+ times in the past 24h, and if crop is non-rare - if true, plant crop and immedaitely harvest it (without needing to be watered) and grant player's CROPS  yield. 